README.md, before:

# abdullahmia.dev

**abdullahmia.dev** is my personal portfolio website, showcasing my skills, projects, and achievements. This website serves as an online resume and a platform to connect with potential employers, clients, and fellow developers.

## Table of Contents

- [abdullahmia.dev](#abdullahmiadev)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

You can either clone this repository or download the source code as a ZIP file. To clone the repository, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/abdullahmia/abdullahmia.dev
```

Install the dependencies using your preferred package manager:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or

```

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

## Live Demo

You can view the live version of **abdullahmia.dev** at [https://abdullahmia.dev](https://portfolio-iota-six-83.vercel.app/).

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Your portfolio is optimized for various screen sizes and devices.
- **Project Showcase:** Highlight your projects with descriptions, images, and links.
- **About Me:** Share your background, skills, and experiences.
- **Contact Information:** Provide a way for visitors to get in touch with you.
- **Customizability:** Easily modify the website's content by editing JSON data.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m "Add your feature"`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`.
5. Create a pull request on GitHub.

Please follow the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

feat: add docker run docs

README.md, after:

# abdullahmia.dev

**abdullahmia.dev** is my personal portfolio website, showcasing my skills, projects, and achievements. This website serves as an online resume and a platform to connect with potential employers, clients, and fellow developers.

## Table of Contents

- [abdullahmia.dev](#abdullahmiadev)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

You can either clone this repository or download the source code as a ZIP file. To clone the repository, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/abdullahmia/abdullahmia.dev
```

Install the dependencies using your preferred package manager:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or

```

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Run with the docker:

```bash
npm run docker:dev
# or
yarn docker:dev
# or
pnpm docker:dev
```

Stop the docker:

```bash
npm run docker:stop
# or
yarn docker:stop
# or
pnpm docker:stop
```

## Live Demo

You can view the live version of **abdullahmia.dev** at [https://abdullahmia.dev](https://portfolio-iota-six-83.vercel.app/).

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Your portfolio is optimized for various screen sizes and devices.
- **Project Showcase:** Highlight your projects with descriptions, images, and links.
- **About Me:** Share your background, skills, and experiences.
- **Contact Information:** Provide a way for visitors to get in touch with you.
- **Customizability:** Easily modify the website's content by editing JSON data.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m "Add your feature"`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`.
5. Create a pull request on GitHub.

Please follow the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
